== Introduction ==

ATB is a possible working title for this fighting game. We'll see what we use.
ATB stands for "Attack throw block". These are the three basic actions a player
can do in a match that gives a traditional fighting game its rock-paper-scissors
nature. This is a game founded on the fundamentals found at the heart of all
fighting games. The aim of the game is to feature gameplay centered around
zoning, footsies, reactions, and priority. There will be little to no link
combos, with combos being limited to normals canceling into specials.

== Input Scheme ==

One thing that will set ATB apart from other fighting games is that the inputs
are more approachable compared to more popular games. While many fighting games
have as many as eight buttons, this one has simply two, similar to a Game Boy.
 

The inputs are meant to be usable on a Neo Geo Pocket Color. This is not just
from an unreasonable love for that system, but also because a two-button system
is approachable for those new to games. 

Controls are based on Capcom VS SNK for NGPC:
	up/down/left/right are what they appear to be
	The A and B buttons are punch and kick buttons.
	
While there are two buttons, there are two levels of attack. Again, like CvS:
	-A light tap of a punch button produces a light punch
	-A longer tap of a punch button (~4+ frames)

However, the problem with this system is that this implies all button inputs
are followed by a minimum of 4 frames of delay before they may be processed.
The solution here lies in the implementation. 

Here is how it goes - we are assuming the player is already in a situation
where inputs can be received (not in hitstun, not blocking):

receiveInputs():
if button is pressed:
	if the player is in neutral stance:
		run light attack sequence
	if light sequence is at nth frame of startup and button is pressed:
		cancel into hard attack sequence
		
This also implies that the hard attack sequnece has little to no startup, as 
the first [n] frames of the light attack sequence are effectively used as the 
startup of the hard attack. The advantage to this is that the lag issue of a 
multi-tier input system is circumvented. This could be implemented for more than
just a light-to-hard system if desired, though the coordination of startups for 
attacks would have to be much tighter. A caveat is that the startup for the hard
attack must not be very different from the light one or the attack will appear
awkward.
